# League of Legends by 5-Minute Intervals: An Investigation Into Game Mechanics and Win Rate Predictions

League of Legends is an online multiplayer game in which two opposing teams attempt to destroy their opponent's Nexus. Each team is comprised of five players, each performing a different role (such as "support") but accruing similar resources (gold, kills, wards, etc.) in order to win. Players begin the early-game by "laning," a phase in which each role plays one-on-one (or two-on-two) against their respective role opponent(s). Around the 15-minute mark, mid-game begins, and players maintain their laning objectives while moving more around the terrain and fighting for objectives in the jungle region. 30 minutes in, late-game begins; most of the team fights, objective skirmishes, and coordinated maneuvers occur here.

The dataset contains records of 12,933 games from diamond, platinum, and gold ranks in the North America server. Each record is split into five-minute intervals, forming entries from each game at the 5-minute mark, 10-minute mark, etc. Because game length is dynamic, some games have entries until the 15-minute mark while others have entries until the 45-minute mark. 

After some light exploratory data analysis, I experiemented with different models to answer my primary question --- from which 5-minute interval to the next does win rate prediction accuracy increase the most? In other words, which 5-minute interval (5-10min, 10-15min, etc.) is appear to be the most crucial in securing a victory? 
